Adds documentation for migrations failing on timeouts while waiting for index yellow status (#129949)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade/resolving-migration-failures.asciidoc

with the configuration setting `xpack.tasks.index: ".tasks"`,
upgrade migrations fail. In {kib} 7.5.1 and later, the incompatible configuration
setting prevents upgrade migrations from starting.

[float]
==== Repeated time-out requests that eventually fail

> Migrations get stuck in a loop of retry attempts waiting for index yellow status that's never reached. If you see a log entry similar to `Action failed with "Request timed out". Retrying attempt 1 in 2 seconds.` in either the CLONE_TEMP_TO_TARGET or CREATE_REINDEX_TEMP steps, it's because the process is waiting for an index yellow status.

Reviewer: It might be a little easier to read if you restructure this sentence and pull out the error message into a code box like this:

In the `CLONE_TEMP_TO_TARGET or CREATE_REINDEX_TEMP` steps, you might see a log entry similar to:

> Action failed with "Request timed out". Retrying attempt 1 in 2 seconds.

The process is waiting for a yellow index status.  There are two known causes:

There are two known potential causes:

> * cluster hits the low watermark for disk usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cluster hits the low watermark for disk usage
```

> * cluster has <<routing-allocation-disabled,routing allocation disabled>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cluster has <<routing-allocation-disabled,routing allocation disabled>>
```

> Before retrying the migration, inspect the output of the `_cluster/allocation/explain?index=${targetIndex}` API to identify what's preventing the index going yellow:

Reviewer 2: we should make it clear that this is an ES API

> Before retrying the migration, inspect the output of the `_cluster/allocation/explain?index=${targetIndex}` API to identify what's preventing the index going yellow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before retrying the migration, inspect the output of the `_cluster/allocation/explain?index=${targetIndex}` API to identify why the index isn't yellow:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------
GET _cluster/allocation/explain
{
  "index": ".kibana_8.1.0_001",
  "shard": 0,
  "primary": true,
}
--------------------------------------------

> If the cluster exceeded the low watermark for disc usage, the output should contain a message like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the cluster exceeded the low watermark for disc usage, the output should contain a message similar to this:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------

> "the node is above the low watermark cluster setting [cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.low=85%], using more disk space than the maximum allowed [85.0%], actual free: [11.692661332965082%]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"The node is above the low watermark cluster setting [cluster.routing.allocation.disk.watermark.low=85%], using more disk space than the maximum allowed [85.0%], actual free: [11.692661332965082%]"
```

--------------------------------------------

> Refer to the {es} guide on how to {ref}/fix-common-cluster-issues.html#_error_disk_usage_exceeded_flood_stage_watermark_index_has_read_only_allow_delete_block[fix common cluster issues].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the {es} guide for how to {ref}/fix-common-cluster-issues.html#_error_disk_usage_exceeded_flood_stage_watermark_index_has_read_only_allow_delete_block[fix common cluster issues].
```

> If routing allocation is the issue, you will should see an entry like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If routing allocation is the issue, you should see an entry similar to this:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------
"allocate_explanation" : "cannot allocate because allocation is not permitted to any of the nodes"
--------------------------------------------

[float]
[[routing-allocation-disabled]]
==== Routing allocation disabled or restricted

> Upgrade migrations fail because routing allocation is disabled or restricted (cluster.routing.allocation.enable: none/primaries/new_primaries), which causes {kib} to log errors such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade migrations fail because routing allocation is disabled or restricted (`cluster.routing.allocation.enable: none/primaries/new_primaries`), which causes {kib} to log errors such as:
```
